hello and welcome to the Guru's showed
his me Joe seconds in my chassis vs AC
milan review so i think we can all
probably agree that this was the best
game to watch in terms of performance on
the pitch by Boog teens is very exciting
to watch and also chatties overall
quality who's very impressive to be
honest the standard of the first half
was once again Kevin de burner who got
the first goal after a great bit of play
by Oscar giving it's a hazard who gets
on the edge of the box delays the path
delays the path delays the past the
left-back draws into his heart leave
space mceventyr bro how's our place the
ball and then a fantastic finish by
Kevin de Bruyne ER does this kid ever
score crap goal he seems to only school
quality goals and to be honest I know I
probably said that he wouldn't start I
thought that improbably hazard Oscar and
Moses the first game is he then but
Nelson Kevin the burner again and that's
probably a thing with Chelsea they got
so much great talent you know to play
beyond the strikers every time you see
one of them it's like okay he's pin and
you forget me that when an implant oh
yeah and that's that one and then that
one like even sure to school today so we
got such a wealth of experience and in
the team we got such a wealth of talent
in the scene we're going to have these
problems and we've got the right man we
got the best manager in the world to
solve these problems and he will do that
so marco van ginkel another impressive
performance I think he was very good but
he's so many inside he doesn't do too
much respect after that I think a lot of
people your commentary won't pick up on
into motion it be just like like I've
forgotten man in matches but for me like
as long as he's doing his job and he's
doing it right I don't give two shits
the player looks as steel at eight
million pounds in my opinion I know it's
please Caesar hydroplaned up remedied
yeah but you do have like a feeding on
certain players and he does look the
looks the part I've got to be honest Sen
looks like yoga Sen in my opinion you
does he look fit you look strong it runs
a good defending good passing do a copy
dropping back to be honest now both of
it if you want to show and coming back
to me I sure and played forever feels
like where is he going to fit in but
seeing him play like you know he's going
to do very well and
happy I think to be honest it's going to
be between Mark O'Brien call Sen and
Ramirez for the first get match of the
season I think Lampard won't make except
RPG a play in the game against Aston
Villa midweek neither has aren't another
good performance as well but I think
it's defendant this time was actually
one of the most impressive things is
tracking back and that's the same with
Oscar and Kevin de burner they're
tracking back was so good it was very
impressive and it's definitely the O's
it Oh Jose effect you know it's
definitely something that mr. Murray
Niall is working on and it's deafening
you can definitely see it in the matches
so the next thing is the defense was
very very solid a Branislav Ivanovic did
very well that flick was a sensational
turn on a runner fair play even second
outfit branislava value explain it right
back I was kind of impressed and you
know that's a column at good for me
because like I'm the biggest hater on a
brand us are playing right back because
you see a first-half thing that said it
back you sure a good he was you know
you're going to stand where I'm coming
from so second half as Sen came off
McHale came on Jonah will be what to say
really like I've always said he's a
momentum care there's many times we had
his classic stuck in the mud runs where
he would collect the ball he collects
the ball he looks this way he looks that
way look straight on he passes backwards
and he does it so many times he does it
over and over again kills the momentum
and one example in the second half this
first time as sugar is on the pitch we
wonder what we won the ball back sure to
make sure run suede open Favre is making
a run past the shirt shirt or a face
tourism simple effective quick paper
sack and it's not trying to say that
we've been doing such great the count
right look at the first goal today in
the gold the austere scored against
Inter late but we're going to play that
quick attack you know that quick counter
football McHale can't be nowhere near
the first lap you know the do you can't
be nowhere near the first team simple is
up cuz like I said you guys these
plastic stuck in the mud runs you get
the ball he looks right he looks left
you look straight he passes back and he
does it and you can't be nowhere near it
and like I said like sure is making the
run and i said of past it to share you
passes the shorter and it's like it
frustrates me people he frustrates me
but then you see him in the
Confederations Cup
Nigeria I never had one of those moments
not one stuck in the mud performance he
was attacking his passing was great he
was moving forward he was passed and
quick he was even make him run he scored
a goal for fuxing with the chassis he
doesn't want to do it so I don't know
but we're really going to play a you
know counter attacking football macau
cannot be in the first team he comes in
a second half 1 whereas a two nothing
lead to tie the match down and we need
to uh you know you know lock the door
and get the bridge back up that's fine
and close to teammate he comes on either
fancy that the business he keeps calm
and whatnot what you can do he kills the
game anyway when you when you killed
most of you know the cameras that we do
so he's going to kill the game off we
use on the pitch so let him do it so
yeah except like East is frustrating
Andre Schurrle came on and the one thing
like once I said you know I found him
call like I know it's preseason but you
get a feeling I have this feeling up
until you know today that I mean sure
has been trying too much Nikki may be
using here maybe 18 million so I hit the
ground running sewer you know should be
one I'm worried and whatnot and today
though is the one opportunity where he
was put her on goal by paris i think it
was you laid off the sure and so he
should put in the back Lynette and you
just miss IP boys your honor if it was
like almost he doing what's he doing on
Gemma she is and he puts it all to bed
without finish it was it was supplying
word let's be honest that a body was
class the technique was spot on I
totally idea push on for duck talk
vehicle shot and he do very well I don't
know where he's going to get in the team
because like I said you know I don't
know what's happening with Kevin poor
drafting was well I'm massively up to so
many players matter was very good when
you came on a past wife but see people
will say this is what this matter does
that sort of thing with you know s we
bought your CalPERS my matter receives
the ball he keeps it for a bit he looks
left he looks right he looks forward but
then he passed his fourth he splits the
defense or put and creates a chance so
like it's different if McHale would do
that thing where he stuck in the mud
surrounded past is falling you know
initiate the you know the attack I'm
happy with that like matter this matter
does it completely right takes his time
plays the person boy person picks the
pass a visit time and time again and
this matter exactly sure if they need to
go away because it's not gonna happen
mr. Murray Nia would be foolish to get
with one of those two so it was a really
good performance chassis Milan played
their part in it they did very well
there was many opportunities that they
took shots in dirt chassis Derek Gary
Cahill was solid at the back completely
was really good making block so with
branner so oh really good performance
now on Wednesday we play against Real
Madrid probably will be our toughest
test hopefully we can win it sort of 80s
in preseason but i do want to another
great performance and it's going to be a
great match to watch so that's it for
today's review let me know your thoughts
down below go and follow me on twitter
at journey on Zephyr like my facebook
page paper look on force has to be
removed game in HD also now go and
subscribe to my my instagram i'm going
to put loads of memes on there which is
really good to do i paid that Apple my
brother you make means and it's really
cool so go on to my Instagram WWE
Instagram comp or guru football HD 10
below the there's a link in the
description links to all my things in
the descriptions go check it out so
that's it for today people that know
your thoughts what what impressed you
what is no pressure you watching it sure
does go what they carry the broiler will
you start get told that's it for today
make sure you subscribe to the channel
like the video it's two in the morning
identify the tent to this video since
I've been screwing it up so much so I've
got through it I can take a breath I can
go to sleep so until next time I taught
you there see that